Solution Lab-Git

PART I
Instructions
Create a new repository in the GitHub. Name it Iron+ your name. Example: if your name is Alvaro, you will name the repo IronAlvaro.
on github: create repository

Clone that repo to your computer.
check if other git files exist in target directory: git remote -b  and git status
git clone URL

Create a file in that folder. Name it about.txt and add a fun fact about yourself. (You can use the command line: touch nameOfTheFile.txt).
touch about.txt
echo "I don't like mangoes" > about.txt
cat about.txt #to check if file was edited correctly.

Add the file you just created to the git.
git add . OR git add about.txt

Commit the changes.
git commit -m "Lab Solved"

Push the changes to the GitHub and check your repository to make sure everything is there.
git branch #check branch and change name if necessary. Also check branch on hithub.
git push -u origin main



PART II


Fork your classmate's repository.
on hitgub web: go to URL for repo and select FORK

Clone the repository, so that you have it locally and can make changes.
got to desired local directory: cd path
create directory if needed: mkdir new_directory_for_clone
git clone URL


Create a new branch named classmate.
git switch -c classmate

Create a new file with your name (ex. maya.txt) and finish the following sentence I enrolled Ironhack's Data Analytics bootcamp because.... When you are done, save the changes.
touch alex.txt
echo " enrolled Ironhack's Data Analytics bootcamp because.... " > alex.txt
cat alex.txt


Add the changes to the git.
git add . or git add alex.txt

Commit and push the changes. Now, all the changes should be on your GitHub, inside the forked repository.
git commit -m "created new branch classmate"

Create a pull request to make changes appear in the original repository.
on hithub.com create a pull request
Merge the branch your classmate created. Now everyone's repos should have the original file (about.txt) as well as the new one with your classmate's name.



